I want to talk about the traumatic they
do this for me so I can reveal this
horse when developing fable three would
be crazy we be insane not to do a
develop favor three but no here's the
thing here's the desert the problem the
third child is always the problem child
whether it be human beings or games
though the problems especially a game
that comes out the second iteration on
the platform you know I've played many
tends to be a little bit of a lull if
you know there's not so much innovation
in the game anymore you kind of get
bored of playing the character you get
bored of the world we really thought
about this so what we thought about
fable three we started thinking about
some of some of those challenges right
so fake one you will one of many heroes
you are you are hero in a guild of
heroes and you are you know there are
other heroes innate the alien world who
you know challenged you and who were as
good as you and some even better that's
been good fable 2 we moved it on 500
years you were one of many reasons not
one of many here is a wonderful what you
is the only hero and one of your job is
to bring other heroes together you know
the Age of Heroes was kind of dying out
so the question is what can we do with
fable three how can we take that big
step forward
the kingdom a lien is changing the land
needs a king or queen cherished leader
or both his kind pure or corrupted that
future is not yet
the race for the Crown has begun why not
be that that that king or that Queen why
don't we make a game which is so
different to able to wear your
consequences in your judgments the
effect of not the people around you the
whole of your lap what does all this
mean well we want you to be kimmel thing
we want you to be ruler but we're not
gonna give it to you straight away in
fact half of the game are fatal free is
going to be set it was something we call
the journey to roof where you are does
make things better and you must have
caused decide after you have the truth
which of his promises you're going to
keep and what you're going to be doing
with your fingers gold now one of the
things that you can do with all this
golden yarn in your in your treasure
chamber is you can decide where to
allocate it you know again you may have
seen these in justices that are out
there while you are on the journey to
roll but you made to say well i'm going
to you know i'm going to build up
certain reason or region or you know
these people really for i'm going to
visit those people are going to you
don't give the money i'm going to let
them off for more of all taxes and it's
not just an LP a little this time a very
good portion of this game in set if
places that you've never seen before i'm
not going to say much about this the
only thing is remember that line expect
the unexpected don't expect that you've
seen everything about them if I Albion
is just one small continent in the world
favor and we'll be unveiling more of
that from more of that world in fable
three four up city for sure so there's
the story the next thing is that I'd
like to share with you is some of the
efforts that we're going to to make this
dramatic by where we're name it's all of
it where this character was very much
pacing and walking around but the
staging of what the the sum of the earth
leaving that was going on from the
actors enabled us to do is to really
recast a whole see now what we're doing
this we have cameras and these cameras
are good is simulating in game cameras
we have people like Mark Hill rewriting
the dialogue as we go as weakness
firefighters you know I know what you're
thinking out there you press people just
sneaking you're probably thinking are
they actually going to be making art yes
then you know is when you're King are
you going to be sort of adjusting taxes
and sending all this out no don't think
of that what we are doing when you're
King we're introducing this new mechanic
and this new mechanic I'm gonna tell you
what it is but I'm not going to tell you
exactly how its implemented it's
something called judgments why thank you
a so fable three will be coming out in
2010 don't expect it to early 2010 in
2010 on the 360 and we're still working
very hard on mine